Document hostname_force_config_as_canonical (#4643)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/agent/hostname_force_config_as_canonical.md

> Agent hostname config as canonical 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Make config-provided hostname canonical
```

> If `hostname` is set in `datadog.yaml` and the value starts with `ip-` or `domu`, this hostname is not used as a canonical hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v6 and v7 Agents, if `hostname` is set in `datadog.yaml` (or through the `DD_HOSTNAME` env var) and its value starts with `ip-` or `domu`, the hostname is not used in-app as the canonical hostname, even though it is a valid hostname.
```

More information about what a canonical hostname is can be found at [How does Datadog determine the Agent hostname?](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/faq/how-datadog-agent-determines-the-hostname/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-versions).

> To use an hostname starting with `ip-` or `domu` as a canonical hostname, set the config `hostname_force_config_as_canonical` at `true` in datadog.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Agent v6.16.0 and v7.16.0, the Agent supports the config option `hostname_force_config_as_canonical` (default: `false`). When set to `true`, a configuration-provided hostname starting with `ip-` or `domu` will be accepted as the canonical hostname in-app.
```

Reviewer: Also, I'd mention here that starting with v6.16.0 and v7.16.0, the Agent logs a warning if it detects a situation where the config-provided hostname is a valid hostname but will not be accepted as the canonical hostname in-app. (and mention the exact warning that's logged)

> It creates a new canonical hostname which receives new metrics. The old canonical hostname contains old metrics. 

Reviewer: I would put these 2 sentences in a new section called "Impact of enabling `hostname_force_config_as_canonical`" or something similar.

Reviewer: are you sure this is what happens in practice btw?

IIRC the behavior if the option is enabled on an existing Agent is that the hostname will remain the same in-app, until the support team runs the command that clears the existing host aliases

Author: I have checked it again and you are right, I confuse with another use case.
